Add KFP Tekton user guide (#211)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: samples/kfp-user-guide/README.md

# ml-pipeline-ui-6f68595ff-tw295                                   1/1     Running   0          8d
# ml-pipeline-viewer-controller-deployment-7f65754d48-xz6jh        1/1     Running   0          33d
# ml-pipeline-viewer-crd-7bb858bb59-k9mz9                          1/1     Running   0          33d
# ml-pipeline-visualizationserver-d558b855-tdbwc                   1/1     Running   0          33d
```

To upload a new pipeline
```shell
kfp pipeline upload -p echo_pipeline echo_pipeline.yaml
# Pipeline 925415d5-18e9-4e08-b57f-3b06e3e54648 has been submitted

# Pipeline Details
# ------------------
# ID           925415d5-18e9-4e08-b57f-3b06e3e54648
# Name         echo_pipeline
# Description
# Uploaded at  2020-07-02T17:55:30+00:00
```

To upload a new version of an existing pipeline
```shell
kfp pipeline upload-version -p <existing_pipeline_id> -v new_pipeline_version echo_pipeline.yaml
# The new_pipeline_version version of the pipeline 925415d5-18e9-4e08-b57f-3b06e3e54648 has been submitted

# Pipeline Version Details
# --------------------------
# Pipeline ID   925415d5-18e9-4e08-b57f-3b06e3e54648
# Version Name  new_pipeline_version
# Uploaded at   2020-07-02T17:58:05+00:00
```

> ## Pipeline execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Execute Pipelines
```

# Creating experiment experiment-name.
# Run bb96363f-ec0d-4e5a-9ce9-f69a485c2d94 is submitted
# +--------------------------------------+----------+----------+---------------------------+
# | run id                               | name     | status   | created at                |
# +======================================+==========+==========+===========================+
# | bb96363f-ec0d-4e5a-9ce9-f69a485c2d94 | run-name |          | 2020-07-02T19:08:58+00:00 |
# +--------------------------------------+----------+----------+---------------------------+
```

Lastly, we can check the status of the pipeline execution
```shell
kfp run get bb96363f-ec0d-4e5a-9ce9-f69a485c2d94
# +--------------------------------------+----------+-----------+---------------------------+
# | run id                               | name     | status    | created at                |
# +======================================+==========+===========+===========================+
# | bb96363f-ec0d-4e5a-9ce9-f69a485c2d94 | run-name | Succeeded | 2020-07-02T19:08:58+00:00 |
# +--------------------------------------+----------+-----------+---------------------------+
```

> ### 4. Tekton Exclusive: Execute Tekton pipelines without using Kubeflow pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Optional: Execute Tekton pipelines without using Kubeflow Pipeline engine
```

> For all the compiled Kubeflow pipeline, we can extract the file into `.yaml` format and run it directly on Kubernetes using the Tekton CRD. However, this method should **only use for Tekton development** because Kubeflow pipeline cannot track these pipelines that run directly on Tekton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all the compiled Kubeflow pipelines, we can extract them into `.yaml` format and run them directly on Kubernetes using the Tekton CRD. However, this method should **only use for Tekton development** because Kubeflow Pipelines engine cannot track these pipelines that run directly on Tekton.
```

```
## Table of Contents

  - [Compile Pipelines](#compile-pipelines)
    - [1. Compile pipelines using the `kfp_tekton.compiler.TektonCompiler` in Python](#1-compile-pipelines-using-the-kfp_tektoncompilertektoncompiler-in-python)
    - [2. Compile pipelines using the `dsl-compile-tekton` bash command line tool](#2-compile-pipelines-using-the-dsl-compile-tekton-bash-command-line-tool)
  - [Upload Pipelines](#upload-pipelines)
    - [1. Upload pipelines using the Kubeflow Pipeline user interface.](#1-upload-pipelines-using-the-kubeflow-pipeline-user-interface)
    - [2. Upload pipelines using the `kfp_tekton.TektonClient` in Python](#2-upload-pipelines-using-the-kfp_tektontektonclient-in-python)
    - [3. Upload pipelines using the `kfp` bash command line tool](#3-upload-pipelines-using-the-kfp-bash-command-line-tool)

>   - [Execute Pipelines](#execute-pipelines)

Reviewer 2: IMO the word "execute" conjures up images of people getting their life cut short involuntarily

Could we use "run" and "running" a pipeline instead?

Author: We can change the sub-header to run if it sounds bad. I just felt a bit repetitive saying "run" so many times in this doc when I say run this command to run some action. In kfp although their api is "run", but they do use a mix of "run" and "execute" in some part of their docs to make it sound less repetitive.
